# counterstrike
#In this assignment we are going to focus on playing Counter Strike GO (not bad, right?). Well, hold your horses since we are going to use Machine Learning not quite for playing but for deciding who’s is going to win a match.
If you are not familiarized with this game: “CS:GO is a tactical shooter, where two teams (CT and Terrorist) play for a best of 30 rounds, with each round being 1 minute and 55 seconds. There are 5 players on each team (10 in total) and the first team to reach 16 rounds wins the game. At the start, one team plays as CT and the other as Terrorist. After 15 rounds played, the teams swap side. There are 7 different maps a game can be played on. You win a round as Terrorist by either planting the bomb and making sure it explodes, or by eliminating the other team. You win a round as CT by either eliminating the other team, or by disarming the bomb, should it have been planted.” (from the task description).
In particular, we are going to use the scenario proposed by the following Kaggle Dataset:
https://www.kaggle.com/christianlillelund/csgo-round-winner-classification
For this assignment, I present you a realistic machine learning scenario: you have a task, a description of what is expected, a dataset to work with and a brief description of the data. So, I will not give you any markdown or initial code. The only pre-processing step that I have done is to split the dataset into training and test so I can have a proper benchmark to evaluate your submission.
You have to make sense of the problem and the data and use your ML toolbox to solve the problem. In addition, I am also expecting from you a final report as a summary of your work, findings and conclusions. This report should be enough to understand your work, results, findings and conclusions even without deep technical knowledge on Machine Learning.
There is no need to say that I will help you in whatever doubt or problem you may have.
